In our app we've started to build our sign in component now up to this point.
We don't really have the functionality because we need to store this somewhere.
We need to store it in a database and it was going to go over that in the next video but this firebase
section is very important because it mimics a real life scenario.
You see most of the time when you're working with something like firebase you have to realize that developers
like myself or EA Hwa aren't going to memorize the entire firebase library because this is always evolving.
This is always changing.
So for example if I Google Firebase and go to their docs their documentation over the next couple of
videos we're going to see some of the implementation that he was going to show that is actually part
of the documentation.
So if we could can get started for the web
this documentation is going to explain pretty well how we can implement what we're about to implement.
For example if we go to authentication and we click over here web and in our case let's say Google sign
in it's going to have some pretty nice documentation of how we can add this feature to our app and most
likely when you're building something on your own like this or for a company you're going to go through
these documentation you're not going to memorize what we're going to teach you in these videos in your
head because it's impossible.
There's so many tools out there.
The key thing here to remember is that professional developers what they do is they understand that
hey I'm going to use Firebase for let's say storage and authentication and they're able to go to the
documentation rethinks and understand that hey when we install npm install firebase as a package.
Well these are the documentations that I can use to setup Firebase and you'll see that in our code we're
going to do some of the things that you'll see in the documentation such as this.
So if over the next couple of videos things get overwhelming and you're thinking to yourself Wow ee
Hwa is just amazing.
Andre is just amazing they know firebase inside and out.
Keep in mind that no developer memorizes a library like firebase.
What we do is we study the documentation and then we implement it into our code.
So yes we record these videos and it looks like everything is perfect but it involves us going back
and forth with the documentation trying out things with step by step and this is something that often
is uncovered and tutorials.
When we work with libraries like this documentation is your friend
before we get started.
Remember if this next session seems overwhelming seems extra complicated you always have the documentation
to go to to read to read up more.
All right.
Hopefully I don't scare you too much.
Let's get started.